Hi, I'm Pallavi,
The look I'm about to show you
is really clean and simple,
and it's perfect for a modern, confident woman.
It's a look you can take from a boardroom
to a coffee shop. . .
to lunch with the girls.
It's one you can wear anytime, anyday!
And it should take you less than 10 minutes
to achieve!
To show you this look, I'm going to use
the 'Pure Passion' range of cosmetics from Studio West
by Westside.
To get started,
over a moisturised face,
I'm going to use a
Flawless Finish Foundation, by Studiowest.
What I love about this foundation, is that
it's something that you can build up from really sheer finish to a medium coverage finish.
I recommend that you take a good amount of your foundation,
and begin by using it in the center of your face,
blending outwards.
What this will do is, it'll highlight and brighten the area of your face,
that is naturally catching light.
While it recedes into the darkness on the rounded corners of your face.
You don't really need much foundation here,
because every time you put too much foundation on the absolute edges of your face,
it'll appear like a mask.
This is a great trick to use, especially when you have a foundation
that's quite close to your skin but not a true match.
And also, it brightens and creates a base for all the colour cosmetics
which normally are compact and in the center of the face:
for your eye makeup, for your blush, for your lips.
And as you can see, even at the end of this application
the face is looking flawless and all the redness has gone
but there is still a sense of a very polished and finished look.
Make sure that, if you're wearing something as open as this, you want to take,
the foundation down a little bit.
Just to make sure, there's a kind of evenness between the face and neck.
And before you apply powder, just make sure you give it a second,
so the moisture rests, and then you set it with powder.
To set the foundation, I'm going to use a Flawless Finish Compact.
I'm going to use it with a brush because I really want just to mattify the skin,
and not really apply a powder.
So I'm just going to dust the powder along the bottom of her eye,
on both sides, the center of her face, on her nose,
upper lip, chin and along the neck because you have some product there as well.
When you hear the word 'Compact', you normally think that it's just a foundation,
but that's not true.
Compact is actually the casing in which several products can come,
so there are cream compacts, there are cream foundation compacts
powder foundation compacts and setting powders.
This happens to be a setting powder which you can build to a semi coverage finish.
So her base is done, and I'm going to get started with the eyes.
It's really the simplest eye makeup you can do.
I'm going to use a palette called Daytime Neutrals.
As you can see, the colours are really quite skin like, and not very shimmery,
although they do have a bit of sheen.
I'm going to start with this very 'biscuit-y' looking colour, right here like a wheat.
And take it on a blending brush, because I don't want to pack the colour on
and make it look too silvery.
So I'm just going to take a small amount of that and sweep it all across her lid.
It's literally to brighten the lid.
So just make sure, you don't work it into the crease,
work it right up until the crease.
Very softly, so you just get a small amount of sheen.
So if you take a look at it closely, you can see that it's almost like it's your own skin
that has been really well moisturised.
And that's it, no more fuss, it's as simple as that.
I'm going to choose a nice chocolate brown as a liner, because I think
brown liners are something that most of us tend not to use
because I think as Indians, what we do have, is quite a bit of pigmentation around the eyes
and we do tend to believe that brown can, you know, kind of blend with that,
and make our eyes look dull.
But I'm going to show you a brown that would work really well for you.
So here's the roll-up kohl pencil, that can be worn inside and outside the eye
So just a touch of liner on the upper waterline,
and a small amount of brown just in the corner just to tie the eye together.
So not too far into the eye, just the corner.
This also opens up the eyes,
very soft smudge.
I'm just going to repeat on the other side.
So that's really simple, and once the eyes are done,
I'm going to put a thin coat of mascara, you don't want too much mascara for the day,
and especially if you have great lashes.
Just enough to define the hair.
Yeah, and none on the bottom lashes because there's going to be a little more colour
in terms of cheeks and a pretty mouth.
So that's great for, you know a quick look for the eyes.
I'm going to get on with a blush.
Again, I'm going to keep it really sheer, so no shaping, nothing!
This blush is called 'Dusty Rose'.
Just going to use a small amount of it,
along her cheeks, so start with the apple of the cheek.
and work it towards the hairline.
To finish off, I'm going to use a long wear lipstick, by Studiowest,
it's called Apricot Blush.
In spite of being a long wear product, it doesn't tug and pull at your skin.
It's very intensely moisturising and hydrating,
and the colour stays opaque and soft on your lips through the day.
Now the thing is with a look like this, which is quite muted and understated,
you can choose to wear a bright mouth even at work.
It shouldn't matter if you choose even a nice subtle red or
something with an undertone of red,  or brick or something like that.
I'm just keeping it soft and fresh with this peachy colour.
As you can see, this look is easy as pie to achieve.
For more videos, stay tuned and stay Glamrs.